Allow color_mode to be processed in Kelvin for MQTT json light (#36538)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/light.mqtt.markdown

  required: false
  type: integer
  default: 255
color_temp_kelvin:

>   description: "When set to `true`, `command_topic` will publish color mode updates in Kelvin and process `state_topic` will process state updates in Kelvin. When not set the `color_temp` values are converted to mireds."

Author: ```suggestion
  description: "When set to `true`, `command_topic` will publish color mode updates in Kelvin and process `state_topic` will process state updates in Kelvin. By default the `color_temp` values are converted to and from mireds."
```

>   description: "When set to `true`, `command_topic` will publish color mode updates in Kelvin and process `state_topic` will process state updates in Kelvin. By default the `color_temp` values are converted to and from mireds."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "When set to `true`, `command_topic` will publish color mode updates in Kelvin, and process `state_topic` will process state updates in Kelvin. By default, the `color_temp` values are converted to and from mireds."
```
